here are this week's top movies how many
you got so far you and me riding into
theaters is the Magnificent Seven an
action-packed Western about a band of
gunmen hired to defend a poor village
seek righteousness but I'll take revenge
always deliver the family comedy stork's
follows the adorable adventures of two
friends on a very special delivery
one less baby to deliver can you do big
things from such a small place in the
inspiring Disney drama queen of Katwe a
Ugandan girl strives to become a world
chess champion she's sleeping
let's check out this week's Fanta
sebacean so what's your weekend ticket
going to be let us know by commenting
see you next time on weekend ticket